Therapeutics: Fill in gaps, tone down certain sections, minor edits to rest of text (#643)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/50.discussion.md

### Current State of Therapeutics

The majority of current clinical trials and lines of investigation have focused on repurposing existing therapies to counter SARS-CoV-2 and treat its symptoms.
This approach is necessary given the urgency of the situation as well as the extensive time required for developing and testing new therapies.
However, in the long-term, new drugs specific for treatment of COVID-19 may also enter development.
There is thus value in investigating two lines of inquiry for treatment of COVID-19: 1) new therapeutics specific for treatment of COVID-19 or its symptoms, and 2) repurposing of existing therapeutics for treatment of COVID-19 or its symptoms.
Here we consider further avenues that scientific investigators may explore in the development of therapies for COVID-19.

> Given the great focus in investigating hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) as a potential antiviral treatment for SARS-CoV-2, it may be of interest to researchers to explore related alternatives.

Reviewer: Does this need to be rephrased as there is less interest now due to lack of efficacy, maybe saying " looking to alternatives" instead

Author: ```suggestion
While studies of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) have not supported the early theoretical interest in this antiviral treatment, it may be of interest to explore alternatives with similar mechanisms.
```
I haven't edited this section yet but good idea to tone down the HCQ naiveté wherever we find it! haha
